{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Running 14 AI agents doing marketing autonomously\
0:00\
I have 14 cloudbot agents doing\
0:02\
marketing for the site GPT. I have zero\
0:04\
Macinis. Everything is on a VPS. Site\
0:07\
GPT right now has 200KR.\
SiteGPT reaches $200K ARR\
0:10\
This is incredible. You're about to meet\
0:12\
an entrepreneur who created multiple\
0:15\
cloud bots or OpenClaw agents. And the\
How AI agents communicate with each other\
0:18\
cool thing about it is how they all chat\
0:20\
with each other, use project management\
0:22\
software to pass uh projects and\
0:25\
messages and help requests back to each\
0:27\
other. It sounds kind of silly at first\
0:29\
until you see how it works together and\
0:32\
how you could do it too. Let's get to\
0:34\
the interview\
Introducing Bhanu Teja P and SiteGPT\
0:38\
presented [music] by Zapier, the AI\
0:40\
automation company.\
0:41\
Bananu Tja P is the founder of Site GPT,\
0:45\
an AI chatbot platform that will do AI\
0:48\
support for you. Give me like an\
0:50\
overview of what we're looking at here\
0:51\
on your screen. So these are like\
0:53\
completely autonomous uh AI agents that\
One orchestrator agent delegating all tasks\
0:56\
that are doing uh marketing tasks for my\
0:59\
SAS.\
1:01\
How do I put multiple agents on one\
1:03\
computer?\
1:03\
You can spawn any number of agents in\
1:05\
one computer. You don't need uh uh like\
1:07\
a separate computer. So in my case, I am\
1:10\
only talking with one agent. So I don't\
1:14\
uh need to talk with other agents\
1:15\
directly through Telegraph. So I talk\
1:18\
with one agent uh like that agent uh uh\
1:22\
delegates all the tasks to other agents\
1:24\
and everyone else has a common dashboard\
1:28\
that uh they communicate with each\
1:30\
other. That's how like everything works.\
1:32\
If I want to create multiple agents, how\
1:34\
do I do it on my one Mac?\
1:37\
How it all started is I did not want\
Why one chatbot wasn\'92t enough\
1:40\
like uh Jarvis to be like overwhelmed\
1:42\
with all the context about all the\
1:44\
tasks. uh like it it keeps forgetting\
1:48\
what I am saying. I need a specialist\
1:50\
agent who only does one thing. So for\
1:54\
example, there is an agent who only does\
1:56\
social media. There is an agent who only\
Creating specialist agents by role\
1:58\
does videos. There is an agent who only\
2:01\
writes content like that is what I\
2:03\
wanted to do. AI agent that is\
2:05\
specialist in a role. So that's what I\
2:07\
told Jarvis like this is what I'm\
2:09\
thinking. How do I do it? Can you read\
2:12\
the documentation and figure out if it\
2:14\
is possible? if it is possible then\
2:16\
let's brainstorm what all agents we need\
2:19\
and that's that's that's pretty much how\
2:21\
it all started. I haven't coded it.\
Spawning new agents without coding\
2:24\
So I can go into my own telegram\
2:26\
connection with my clawbot and I could\
2:28\
say create another agent for me one that\
2:30\
maybe handles only personal tasks.\
2:32\
Correct. Correct.\
2:33\
Okay. All right. So this is this is the\
2:37\
way that they're running the show.\
2:39\
Jarvis is in charge. That's like the\
2:41\
project manage the project manager\
Jarvis: the chief orchestrator agent\
2:43\
within your system. the squad lead as\
2:45\
you call it.\
2:46\
There's Jarvis's description. Unpinch.\
2:48\
Let's see what you've written to it.\
2:50\
I'll read it.\
2:53\
Chief orchestrator of the marketing\
2:55\
squad. Coordinating work across all\
2:57\
agents. Maintain quality standards and\
2:59\
make sure nothing falls through the\
3:00\
cracks. This is how you tell it what it\
3:03\
what its personality is.\
3:04\
Correct.\
3:05\
Okay.\
3:05\
All right.\
3:06\
So, I I I gave it Okay. These are the\
3:09\
things you need to do. You are the only\
3:11\
one who will talk to me. I took a\
3:13\
screenshot of what you did. I put it\
3:15\
into Claude and I said, "Hey Claude,\
3:18\
what project management software is he\
3:19\
using?" And Claude took a couple of\
3:20\
guesses that maybe it's a sauna, maybe\
3:24\
it's Monday. It's not. What is that?\
3:27\
Once Jarvis created like four to five\
3:29\
agents like I don't I don't know. I\
3:32\
don't have visibility on what they are\
3:33\
doing. So I asked Jarvis, okay, I want\
Building a custom dashboard to monitor agents\
3:36\
to see what you guys are talking to each\
3:37\
other. So can you create me a dashboard\
3:40\
where I can actually see like how you\
3:43\
are talking with each other, how\
3:45\
everything is going\
3:46\
and it coded this up from scratch\
3:49\
software built just for you by your by\
3:52\
your agent. Let's look at a finished\
3:54\
project and see how it came through.\
3:55\
Before we got started, you were showing\
3:57\
me an improvement to a web page and I\
3:59\
you've named each one of your agents.\
4:01\
It's Shi who did it. Do you want to\
4:03\
search and find that one so we can see\
4:04\
the card? I want to understand how they\
4:06\
work by looking at one example.\
4:08\
Take this example, right? So what I told\
4:11\
Jarvis is I wanted someone to actually\
Assigning agents to explore the product as real users\
4:14\
go to my website like actually try to\
4:17\
log in create a chatbot like go through\
4:20\
the entire flow and figure out if there\
4:22\
are any improvements uh uh we can make\
4:25\
like what what can we improve like that\
4:26\
is the thing I said then it created a\
4:29\
task saying okay site GPT exploration\
4:32\
deep dive into site GPT features as a\
4:34\
real user to find product insights that\
4:37\
is the task that Jarvis created\
4:40\
Okay.\
4:40\
Then Shi uh picked this up and then Shi\
4:44\
came back to me saying, "Okay, I'm\
4:47\
unable to log in. There is a Cloudflare\
Agents requesting access to bypass Cloudflare\
4:49\
capture. Can you please uh login and\
4:52\
give me uh like the session cookie or\
4:55\
whitelist or whatever you want to do?\
4:57\
I'm like unblock me."\
5:00\
Uh so then I told Jarvis like that okay\
5:03\
I unblocked uh uh this session. So you\
5:06\
can tell Shuri. So then uh uh it uh\
5:10\
started uh like then she started like\
5:13\
going through the entire website\
5:14\
figuring it out uh like it created a\
5:17\
different things like okay this is a\
5:20\
user behavior this is the like the\
5:22\
entire landing page and then vision came\
SEO agent joins automatically\
5:25\
in saying vision is the SEO SEO person\
5:30\
like he came in saying okay like uh\
5:32\
these are the things you need like these\
5:35\
are the monthly search volume for the\
5:37\
these keywords. Um figure out if we can\
5:40\
use any of these keywords on the landing\
5:42\
page or pricing page. Uh so\
5:45\
by the way, how did vision node to pop\
5:47\
in here? So now the the SEO agent is\
5:50\
coming in and adding its two cents. How\
5:52\
did it know that it was his turn to come\
5:54\
in?\
5:54\
So what I told Jarvis is I wanted uh\
5:57\
everyone to come to mission control and\
Agents polling the dashboard every 15 minutes\
6:00\
see what all new things happened in the\
6:02\
last 15 minutes. So every 15 minutes\
6:05\
they come to the dashboard see all the\
6:08\
things that newly got created after like\
6:11\
previously that were not there. So every\
6:13\
15 minutes each agent will come to the\
6:16\
dashboard see what all things happened\
6:18\
and if they can add anything to that\
6:20\
they will add it.\
6:21\
I see. So it just vision came in within\
6:23\
it 15 minutes saw it could add. Okay\
6:25\
keep going. So scroll down any any\
6:27\
further and let's see what else\
6:28\
happened.\
6:28\
Yeah. Yeah. And then uh so yeah finally\
6:31\
uh yeah finally it created a deliverable\
6:34\
saying okay I have explored everything u\
6:38\
and then uh Wanda uh the designer uh uh\
6:41\
uh then she said that okay I will also\
6:44\
create a design spec document in a\
6:46\
separate task uh but uh like we're\
6:49\
creating testimonials pricing uh\
6:52\
and uh like yeah finally this the\
Generating a full homepage improvement brief\
6:54\
deliverable got attached to this task\
6:56\
and this is what uh uh it says okay this\
6:58\
is the thing you need to uh improve on\
7:02\
the homepage. Like it it\
7:04\
puts this all together. Now you've got a\
7:05\
whole doc that says everything that you\
7:07\
need to do. Like you're only showing one\
7:09\
testimonial. 20 plus testimonials are\
7:12\
available but they're not being used.\
7:13\
You're missing social proof and so on.\
7:15\
Who organized this document? Which of\
7:17\
your agents?\
7:18\
Yeah. Yeah. Like this one is created by\
7:20\
Shuri because she is the one who did the\
7:22\
research.\
7:23\
Okay.\
7:24\
So she she creates a document. So I one\
7:26\
another thing I said uh to Jarvis is\
7:29\
every task for it to be done there needs\
Enforcing deliverables for every task\
7:32\
to be some kind of deliverable otherwise\
7:35\
like we don't know what like what\
7:36\
exactly is the task and uh\
7:38\
so uh so for for uh Shuri to say that uh\
7:43\
like this is done she need to create\
7:45\
like she need to create deliverables uh\
7:48\
okay how like for example this is uh how\
7:51\
can we improve the homepage uh so it\
7:54\
says that Okay. Uh like how can you show\
7:57\
the testimonial? Uh that is rotating\
8:00\
like it it just keeps scrolling every 6\
8:03\
seconds.\
8:04\
Okay.\
8:04\
Uh there there should be dots like how\
8:06\
many testimonials are there and arrows.\
8:09\
It it also like gives me everything I\
8:12\
need like if you can literally take this\
Turning agent output into production-ready specs\
8:15\
to an intern and ask them okay can you\
8:18\
create a homepage in exactly this\
8:20\
fashion. They don't need any context or\
8:22\
anything. This is completely like like\
8:25\
it's complete like anyone can look at\
8:27\
I've taken this over to claude code or\
8:29\
less than that to cla code and come up\
8:31\
with a fully working website. So now\
8:33\
that you have all these all these\
8:35\
suggestions and you have this document\
8:36\
if you want to implement it who are you\
8:37\
giving it to?\
8:39\
So I will give it to uh Friday uh the\
Handing work to a developer agent\
8:42\
developer agent\
8:44\
and Friday will actually go and develop\
8:46\
this thing and and implement it\
8:48\
and it's up to you. So now you have the\
8:49\
finished product. All you asked Jarvis\
8:51\
for was give me a recommendation. Jarvis\
8:53\
started doing its magic. Everyone else\
8:55\
chimed in. You end up with a full brief\
8:57\
saying what you need to do. My hunch is\
8:59\
you're going to look at it and say I\
9:00\
like this, I don't like that. Probably\
9:01\
go with most of it but not all of it.\
9:03\
Then you say, "Hey, Jarvis, it's time to\
9:05\
develop it." Jarvis takes this whole uh\
9:07\
file back from you and implements it by\
From recommendation \uc0\u8594  implementation\
9:10\
having Friday the developer do it.\
9:12\
Beautiful. This this makes total sense.\
9:16\
What about um you're saying that they\
9:20\
chat with each other actually you know\
9:21\
what can we just see you put in a\
9:24\
request like I I know we could do it\
9:26\
through telegram and you also have\
9:28\
allowed yourself to add it through here\
9:30\
how do you want to show us how you put\
9:32\
in a request let's say you have an idea\
9:33\
that you say dude I love talking to\
9:35\
Andrew we should be doing more\
9:36\
interviews I want someone to get on this\
9:39\
how would you put that request in\
9:40\
so for example right like I I created a\
9:43\
way to send a broadcast uh to every one\
Broadcasting new tasks to all agents\
9:47\
of the agents. So I can say that\
9:50\
something like uh\
9:55\
I don't know so new agent task.\
9:57\
Okay.\
9:58\
Uh I want to figure out and see what all\
10:04\
podcast\
10:06\
I can be on.\
10:11\
Would you say more than that? Would you\
10:12\
say I think that we can use podcasts\
10:14\
appearances as a way of growing our\
10:16\
subscriptions? I was on Pat's podcast\
10:19\
the other day. It did well. I'm enjoying\
10:20\
talking to Andrew. You just do all of\
10:22\
that or how would you usually write to\
10:23\
it?\
10:24\
So, I usually I'll just write it very\
10:27\
briefly. Then they will come up with a\
10:28\
follow like followup questions. Okay.\
Agents asking clarifying questions before acting\
10:30\
Why are you why do you want to do this?\
10:33\
Uh uh like is it uh is it to uh like\
10:37\
Yeah. like they will ask they will\
10:39\
figure out what to do and then uh uh\
10:42\
like they they know the overall mission\
10:44\
of uh what uh they are doing the overall\
10:47\
mission is to grow side GPT from certain\
10:50\
revenue to a certain revenue. So they\
10:53\
will figure out how to align this task\
10:56\
uh to that goal and then they will do a\
10:59\
research and uh figure out okay these\
11:01\
are all the uh uh podcasts that are\
11:04\
available uh uh and they will figure out\
Aligning all work to revenue goals\
11:07\
actually how to send you an email okay\
11:10\
can I be on this podcast uh because I\
11:12\
can do this and this\
11:14\
I see and so like that entire workflow\
11:18\
uh will be done uh uh uh like once this\
11:21\
is\
11:23\
Okay. And where I would ordinarily\
11:24\
handle it is I might just go to my\
11:26\
clawbot and say get this going. You you\
11:29\
don't like that because it means now he\
11:31\
has to know about marketing. And if\
11:33\
earlier I ask him about development, he\
11:35\
has to do that. Okay, I see it. You post\
11:36\
it here. It goes to column one. They ask\
11:38\
you questions. You get alerts for\
11:40\
questions here within this board and you\
11:42\
know that you need to go in and respond.\
11:44\
Uh so uh he also asked Jarvis that uh\
11:48\
every time someone mentions me uh like\
11:51\
tell like send it to me on telegram like\
11:54\
okay this person is mentioning you uh uh\
11:57\
like what should I tell them like uh\
11:59\
Jarvis won't even ask me to go to the\
12:01\
dashboard and respond you will just say\
12:03\
okay what should I tell them and then he\
12:05\
will uh uh uh do that\
12:08\
and if you miss a response and you\
12:10\
didn't get to answer does Jarvis come\
12:12\
back and ask you more\
12:13\
uh Yeah, like I I also like he also\
12:15\
sends me an email if I don't respond uh\
12:18\
saying uh only if it's uh urgent\
12:21\
otherwise uh uh like whenever uh I chat\
12:24\
with him normally he'll say that okay uh\
12:26\
you forgot to answer that what should I\
12:28\
tell them or sometimes I give Jarvis\
12:31\
free rain for example like uh for the\
12:34\
last 3 days I went on a vacation so I\
Letting agents operate independently during vacation\
12:37\
just told Jarvis that okay don't wait on\
12:39\
me uh like you you be the final call for\
12:42\
everything you view everything and uh\
12:44\
you do everything. So for the last 3\
12:47\
days like Javis did not uh ask me for\
12:50\
anything and now when I come back I see\
12:52\
97 things have already been uh reviewed\
12:56\
and uh approved uh by Jarvis\
12:59\
and does it actually\
13:01\
does does Jarvis actually publish on\
Preventing agents from publishing prematurely\
13:03\
your behalf both website updates and\
13:05\
content?\
13:07\
So I I explicitly told Jarvis not to\
13:10\
publish it. So I wanted to see for 2\
13:12\
weeks at least what the output is going\
13:15\
to be before I say okay publish it but\
13:19\
so now that there are so many tasks to\
13:22\
do right like uh it's not possible for\
13:24\
me to do it all manually. So now I'm\
13:27\
going to tell Jarvis uh okay create a\
Adding a review agent before shipping\
13:31\
review agent who can do one final check\
13:34\
before publishing uh and uh once it's\
13:37\
done uh you do the review and then\
13:39\
publish it. So, so that that's how it's\
13:42\
going to go. Yeah.\
13:44\
Can I see how the agents talk to each\
13:45\
other just to get a sense of what\
13:47\
they're communicating?\
13:49\
Yeah. So, like I also created a like a\
13:51\
squad chat.\
13:52\
Why do they need a squad chat? That's\
13:54\
different from the chat on the message\
13:56\
board itself.\
13:57\
So, like I just wanted to see uh if they\
14:00\
would talk anything uh other than uh uh\
14:03\
uh that are related to tasks. Like this\
14:05\
was an experiment. I just wanted to see\
Agent-to-agent \'93office chat\'94 behavior\
14:08\
if I give them an way to talk to each\
14:11\
other, what would they talk about?\
14:13\
I see. So, okay. And let's see what do\
14:16\
they talk about.\
14:18\
Like uh waiting on Wanda for final video\
14:21\
file vision schema priority like this is\
14:24\
like how people talk in an office,\
14:27\
right? Okay. I have done this uh uh uh\
14:30\
so they are just uh talking with each\
14:33\
other about uh site GPT. What can they\
14:35\
do? [snorts] So sometimes uh like\
14:37\
someone will come and say that uh okay I\
14:39\
found this insight that uh people who uh\
14:44\
sends at least five messages they are 3x\
14:46\
more likely to convert. So then uh a\
14:49\
group uh uh retention specialist what he\
Turning insights into onboarding flows\
14:53\
does is he will pick up the task. Okay\
14:54\
then I know what to do. I'll create a\
14:56\
onboarding sequence where the the entire\
14:58\
goal of this onboarding sequence is to\
15:00\
activate the user uh uh and uh like that\
15:04\
that's how it all starts like someone uh\
15:07\
posts an insight that they found in some\
15:09\
way based on that insight they will\
15:12\
create their own tasks\
15:15\
they just like so the chat is for when\
15:17\
there's not a project but I'm doing\
15:18\
something else and I notice something\
15:20\
related to my work and other people\
15:22\
might\
15:23\
do you end up with a bunch of just busy\
15:25\
work and projects that get finished but\
The new bottleneck: prioritization, not execution\
15:27\
really aren't impacting your business.\
15:29\
Correct. Correct. Like that's that's the\
15:31\
problem I am facing right now. Uh like\
15:34\
so previously right like if we hire\
15:37\
someone some things like the output of\
15:40\
some task would be good some other won't\
15:42\
be good. Now like every task they are\
15:44\
doing it's it's it's very good. Now I\
15:47\
have to figure out what to prioritize uh\
15:49\
and what not to prioritize. So now it's\
15:51\
a task for me like in this 97 items\
15:54\
which is the one I should uh uh uh do it\
15:57\
and maybe I will just ask Jarvis okay\
15:59\
tell me which one should I implement\
16:01\
first and he will tell me what to do.\
Agents deciding what to implement first\
16:04\
Yeah because you and I were talking and\
16:05\
you said look I've got them creating an\
16:07\
email sequence for me for when people\
16:09\
come in. I've got a new idea for a new\
16:10\
website improvement for for how to get\
16:13\
more conversions on the site. And by the\
16:14\
way how did they come up with the\
16:15\
insight to improve the website? It had\
16:18\
something to do with the uh analytics\
16:20\
access you gave it.\
Using analytics to diagnose conversion leaks\
16:21\
Yeah. Yeah. So I gave uh Jarvis uh uh\
16:25\
like uh the entire analytics I have uh\
16:28\
uh like from past uh I think 15 16\
16:31\
months. So it figured out that I was\
16:34\
getting around 50,000 visitors to my\
16:36\
site but only 50 uh free trials a month.\
16:41\
So it figured out that my conversion is\
16:43\
uh very low. Then it it asked uh uh\
16:46\
Shuri to say okay uh explore the entire\
16:49\
platform figure out uh uh like where are\
16:52\
the leaks. Then Shuri explored the\
16:54\
entire website. Uh uh uh she logged in,\
16:58\
she saw the entire flow, how to create a\
17:00\
chatbot, how to send a message and then\
17:04\
she wrote documents on okay this is what\
Coordinated SEO, UX, pricing, and dev improvements\
17:07\
you can improve on the landing page,\
17:09\
this is what you can improve on the\
17:10\
pricing page. Uh there are testimonials\
17:12\
missing here.\
17:13\
Uh then uh the SEO analyst he comes and\
17:17\
say that okay these are the keywords you\
17:19\
need to use on the homepage these are\
17:20\
the keywords you need to you need to\
17:22\
highlight a pricing page uh and uh\
17:25\
Friday comes and says that uh you need\
17:28\
to add a calculator on the pricing page\
17:30\
uh you don't have a calculator how will\
17:32\
users figure out which plan to pick like\
17:34\
this this is how like the entire\
17:36\
communication goes [laughter]\
17:38\
all right this is freaking phenomenal\
17:40\
the website for anyone who wants to go\
17:41\
check out your business. It's called\
Final walkthrough of SiteGPT\
17:43\
sitegpt.ai\
17:46\
is the URL. Thanks for showing it.\
\
}